ROX-14221: upgrade procedures for cloud (#78259)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/prepare-operator-upgrades.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * cloud_service/upgrade-cloudsvc-operator.adoc
// * upgrading/upgrade-operator.adoc
:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="prepare-operator-upgrades_{context}"]
= Preparing to upgrade

ifeval::["{context}" == "upgrade-cloudsvc-operator"]
:cloud-svc:
endif::[]

[role="_abstract"]

> Before you upgrade the {rh-rhacs-first} version, you must perform the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you upgrade the {rh-rhacs-first} version, complete the following steps:
```

ifndef::cloud-svc[]
* If you are upgrading from version 3.74, verify that you are running the latest patch release version of the {product-title-short} Operator 3.74.
* Backup your existing Central database.
endif::cloud-svc[]

> * If the cluster you are upgrading contains the `SecuredCluster` custom resource (CR), change the collection method to CORE_BPF. For more information, see "Changing the collection method".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If the cluster you are upgrading contains the `SecuredCluster` custom resource (CR), change the collection method to `CORE_BPF`. For more information, see "Changing the collection method".
```
